Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter. I'm your host, as always, Ricard Lops, and
today I'm here with Olivia Bentley. She's a porn
star, a NASCART, a fitness influencer, a sex therapist,
and she also has a master's degree in education.
So today we're going to. Talk basically about her
life as a sex worker and some of the
ideas she has about sex work and what she
thinks about some of the assumptions people make about
sex workers. So Olivia, welcome to the show. It's
a huge pleasure to everyone.
Thank you. Likewise, Ricardo. Nice to meet you.
Yeah, so tell us first, I mean, to start
off with, uh, tell us a little bit about
your background. I mean, how you got into sex
work, the kind of sex work you do, even
though I've already spoiled a little bit of that
in the introduction and your work as a sex
therapist.
Sure, um, well, certainly it didn't, I, I didn't
like wake up, you know, um, I didn't wake
up as a child and think that I was
going to be here. Life happened, um, you know,
if we want to be realistic about life, but,
um, I was getting a divorce from my ex
and my son was very young and my ex
was weak. He's an alcoholic. And sadly, we are
both like the same age and he's on kidney
dialysis right now, just to give you an idea
of where we went in terms of growth. And
so he wasn't growing and I was trying my
damnedest to get him to clean up and be
a father. And I was a stay at home
and I was actually getting my doctorates, my doctorate's
in jurisprudence. I was going to become a lawyer.
Um, AND so very interesting. Yeah, because since then
I've met so many of them as clients and
they're like, Oh, please don't. You're better off where
you're at. So they're all working 60 hour weeks
and they have health problems and they're like, Girl,
you make just as much money as me. Stay
where you're at. So, but, so I kind of
was at this point where I needed to, I
stayed too long and it wasn't good for my
son. So I decided I'm going to just make
a move and I'm going to boldly go out
there. Um, AND try to do my own thing.
And so I went to the sex industry thinking
it would just be short term, and I'll continue
to get my degree and move on and whatever
I decide to do. And that's what happened. I
stayed for, for quite a while and I've done
different things, but, um, I, we tend, like, there's
an old saying in the industry, oh, she'll be
back. A girl gets mad and says, I'm out
of here. And the girls will kind of giggle
and say she'll be back, give it a month.
She'll go out there in the real world and
find out how, how good she's got it in,
in some ways comparatively. Um, BUT that's all, you
know, that's all, uh. Up to the eye of
the beholder, of what, of what they, of what
they like and they prefer in their day to
day and who they wanna work with and what
they wanna deal with. Um, BUT we don't always
have it so bad. It's kind of interesting. Uh,
THE perceptions people have.
Yeah, it's really interesting, and, and I mean, let
me just ask you this because I'm really curious.
Before you got into sex work and the porn
industry. Um, DID you have any role models? I
mean, were there, for example, any female porn stars
or other kinds of sex, sex workers who you
looked up to and thought, oh, I, I want,
I would really like to be like her. I
mean, did you have any influences or not
at all? My, my ex-husband and I enjoyed watching
porn together. Um, I thought, you know, who I
thought was really, really hot and cool at the
time. Um, WHAT is it? What is her name?
Um, GOSH, she's a millionaire, but then she got
on drugs. Jenna Jamison. Do you know who that
is? Oh, oh, yes, yeah. OK. So when she
was early when she started and she didn't lose
all that weight and whatever she's done with the
drugs, and I feel really bad for her because
at the time when we were watching her, she
was like at the top of her game. She
decided to become her own owner. She wasn't going
to. Allow these producers to kind of live off
of, off of her skin per se, and she
started her own production company and made millions on
her own. And I thought it was that business
intelligence about her that I found attractive at the
time. And I thought, well, that's inspiring, a woman
that's going to start running the show for herself
and make her own money for herself and not
get, not get exploited in that. I mean, we're
choosing to exploit ourselves, but we should be getting
the majority of the fruit of our labor for
doing so.
Yeah, I mean, actually, when you, before I asked
you the question, I was imagining, imagining that you
would be saying someone or mentioning the name of
someone like Kendra Lust or someone like that just
because she's also very much into fitness, so, but
I mean, that was just the name that came
to mind, so.
To tell you the truth, I'm not even sure
I've heard of Kendra Lust, but I have to
be totally honest with you. Um, THIS has not
been. A lifestyle choice for me. This has been
a career choice. So, although I've enjoyed watching some
porn and I'll get off to it here and
there, I really don't even know who's who, and
I really don't give a shit. But, um, but
I mean they're all hot and they're all great
and I, and probably today I'd work with one,
I'd work with anybody, but you know, I just
really pay attention to who's who in the, in
the world, and yet here I am in it
and I'm making a name for myself despite.
Yeah, sure. So, and a bit about sex therapy.
I mean, tell us about that. What kind of
work do you do there?
Well, um, just, you know, as an escort, as
a companion, um, as a professional, we do, it's
kind of like High-end luxury, it's a high-end luxury
service where you can come in and relax, get
your physical needs met, but some people wanna talk.
And so, um, over the years, I mean, I'm
just there to be a, like your best friend,
like, you know, whatever you want me to be
for that hour or two days, your wife, your
girlfriend, your, your bestie. We are, you get to
lay it all out on the line and be
yourself and open up in the bedroom in ways
that other people don't know you like that, right?
And so it's pretty cool. And so what will
happen is it'll open Pandora's box and people will
get very comfortable. Expressing things to me. And so
over the years, like, for example, I would have
soldiers from Iraq. They, they were in the Iraq
War. For a while, they were coming in and
seeing me and there's, and so such messed up
stories and these wonderful men that put their lives
on the line, that went out and sacrificed for
us, and now they're coming back. With some mental
issues. And they're describing, well, suddenly something triggered me
and suddenly I was in my car and then
I got pulled over. I don't even remember what
happened, but it was some kind of post trauma
circumstance, and then they end up in jail. So
that kind of stuff really upset me and letting
them just open up and lay it all out,
even if, you know, that maybe they'll cry or
whatever. What have you. I've even had somebody give
me a Purple Heart. You know, that's how much
I meant to them, just getting to come and
see me on the regular and open up. And
that's why I decided to give um people in
law enforcement and military 25% off. I have a
25% anytime discount that I've had for years that
I'm known for, um, due to, due to stuff
like that. So, when people come in and open
up like that and then they leave really relieved.
You know, it's like, my God, it's like I
just had this awesome therapy session, lady. We got
to get it on. You're gorgeous. You took good
care of me. You gave me a massage. I
got, I felt so comfortable. I got to open
up and talk about some things that really make
me uncomfortable that I wouldn't really want to talk
with anybody else about. Then I'll coin the phrase,
this was like therapeutic for me. So I have
made mention of that. And at one point it
went, that mentioning went viral. And so that's why
I got the reputation as the sex therapist that
some people will. Laugh at and mock, which is
that's fine, you know, by all means, you know,
let's, let's laugh about some stuff too. But there
truly is a therapeutic value to to seeing somebody
and spending quality time and having good intimacy with
a woman.
Yeah, and the thing is, is that people have
many assumptions about the kinds of men that pursue
sex workers, that I mean, pay for sex, but
I mean, what Uh, I mean, do you, do
you have any sort of, uh, let's say, uh,
portrait of the typical men that approaches you in,
uh, to pay for sex? I mean, are they
just regular men or as we sometimes hear from
people who are against sex workers like conservatives and
certain kinds of Feminists that men who pursue or
or men who pay for sex are just losers
who can't get a woman and they are abusers
and accusations like that.
No, it's, it's, it's literally across the board. It
is across the board 100%. So it's whatever you're.
Wanting, for me, it's it's whomever I'm willing to
spend time with. And I'm not going to spend
time with some piece of crap abuser. Sorry. I
mean, they'll they'll they'll come to book girls and
what have you, but it's really up to the
girl, what kind of backbone, what is she made
out of character wise, as far as who she's
going to take on as a client. And so
my guys are extremely normal, um, and I have
married clients too, like, like couples that they want
to partake together, you know, conservatives, a ton of
conservatives. I did the Candace Owens show and I,
I got a whole slew of conservatives that just
feel comfortable meeting me, you know, just the way
I Articulate, um, and so I, I have a
lot of conservative clients, um, a lot of law
enforcement due to and military due to that, uh,
that discount that I'll hand out. But just everybody
from across the board, your mailman, your, your lawyer,
you know, normal decent people, um, that for whatever
reason they're wanting, you know, for them it's a,
it's a luxury thing or maybe it's a stress
reliever, what have you. And they, and as much
as these guys work, they deserve it. They work.
Everybody's working so much. Every time I ask, you
know, what do you do? I work. What do
you do for fun? I work. Like, God, I
meet a lot of working businessmen. So, and, you
know, here we are in America, it's America, baby.
So what do you think? What, what are you
doing? We're working.
Yeah, and I mean it's interesting that you mentioned
the Candace Owen show, the episode you did there,
because, uh, and you mentioned that you have some
conservative clients because I mean the I listened to
that episode and the entire show, she was trying
to paint you as a bad person, as someone
who was, I mean, mentally flawed in some weird
way, in some weird. Weird conservative kind of approach,
and I mean we can we can get into
that a little bit more later, but I mean
that was the kind of take I was getting
from her. That was the kind of energy I
was getting from her. Did you feel that at
all?
Or yeah, it was pre it was totally preconceived.
It was, she didn't do that naturally. What she
did was After we met on the Whatever podcast,
and I kind of, um, gave her, I was
pretty quiet. Uh, I just thought the Whatever podcast
was kind of, it was a little immature in
a way, just the forum. Um, BUT I gave
her a little kickback on some of the stuff
that she was saying because she was just there
to be, to, to kick it up and insult
us and get and get things going. Get the
controversy going, get the girls mad, get the girls
raging so he would have a good tagline for
his bit. Um, AND then she, I called her
or I got a hold of her. I emailed
her and then the producer got a hold of
me within 24 hours and said we will fly
you out this week and I was very surprised
to hear back so quick. She at the time
was pregnant, and she was just like, do anytime.
So it was like, wow, but I was a
little intimidated just to fly out a day or
two on a dime. So I said, give me,
give me till next week. And then, but the
whole premise, I said, this is what I want
to do. I was in varsity debate. I was
going to become a lawyer. Lawyer. And when we
were in varsity debate, we, we debated policies and
she's, she's a debater, right? That's where she got
her start with with Charlie Kirk, um, going over
to the colleges. So I said, you go get
your evidence against prostitution. I'll get my evidence for,
and let's have a little mash up. That's not,
of course, what they did. They said, can we
get your speaker notes the night before? And I,
and I'm like, no. You can't have my speaker
notes the night before. What she did was she
went and had her staff run a background check
on me and she got the wrong woman. And
the whole idea was to get a bunch of
dirt on me and then slam me once I
came in. And so they've done a background check
on a woman who was, who has a child
who lives in another state. And my child, my
son's always been awarded to me. He's always been
with me. He's, he's my, he's my man. He's
always been with me. Like we're super close. So,
um, she starts out in the interview, so you're
estranged from your son. He lives in another state.
That's the first thing.
Oh my God.
So I'm like, oh boy, here we go. She's
going to come up with a bunch of wild
stuff. So just get ready. She's going to come
at you. So, um, and I think if I
were to do it again, I would have said,
hey, I thought based on what I spoke with
the producer, we were going to have an actual
debate. I've got my speaker notes here and maybe
held our feet to the fire a little bit
more on expectations because that was a switch in
bait. Um, BUT those, so, some of the, I
mean, that's how it works sometimes with those interviews.
You gotta be careful if you wanna, you know,
these got you folks that are, are using you
for clickbait, um, so, and I decided to brave
it, so I knew what I was getting into.
Yeah,
yeah, I, I mean, we're definitely going to address
some of the accusations she made there or some
of the assumptions she came up with because they
are actually not original at all. I mean, it's
actually what we tend to hear in debates with
uh between conservatives and sex workers. It's always the
same kind of Arguments they use, but do, do
you think that pornography and sex work more generally
is for anyone, or do you think that perhaps
there are to be successful as a sex worker
and to like being a sex worker, uh, women
particularly should have certain kinds of traits.
It's a tough one because, you know, if I
hadn't had so many um negative experiences with my
ex and negative experiences with, you know, even growing
up, growing up with my, my, watching my dad
and my mom, I don't know that I would.
HAVE gotten in the sex industry. I mean, I
really do love the idea of families. I love
the idea of families, men and women getting married
and having lots and lots of babies. We need
them and having happy families. Now, now, having said
that, even when I was married, my ex and
I like to watch some porn. It was, it
was, it was kind of a fun little kink
and a kick. A lot of people do it
way more than, I mean, that's why it's not
getting banned, right? Um, A lot of people tend
to dip into it, um, for the, the artistic
value and, and to get them, get them creatively,
get them going, get their juices going. So, um,
You know, I'm, I'm in the space, and I
just feel like you really need to, um, stick
to your guns on running the show, running the
show on your own, on your own terms. And
make sure that you do not put up with
any crap, because that's the thing, like this industry
can chew you up and spit you out. I
don't recommend that everybody go get into it. I
don't really want teens watching porn. I don't. I
want those websites to verify people with their ID
and make sure that those adults going on adult,
I'm serious. I, which is funny because most of
my colleagues would say, What are you talking about?
You're gonna cut into our bottom line. I care
about safety and I don't want kids getting on
the internet, seeing a bunch of porn, and even,
you know, cause it, it gets pretty wild out
there. Uh, IT'S not all healthy porn. It's not
all, you know, I mean, again, that's the eye
of the beholder, but Um, But If you are
gonna go into the industry, go in with your
eyes wide open, do not be your own boss
and, um, run it like a business, like run
it like a legit business, get an escort. Make
sure you're testing. Make sure you're vetting and screening
your clients. You know where they work. You've seen
their ID. You know them. If anything were to
happen, you know, there's just a lot of safety
considerations. So you've gotta have, you've gotta be a
tough customer to be in the industry. Right. Yeah,
and by the way, do you think that online
platforms like OnlyFans and other platforms like that, uh,
give more power to sex workers to have control
over their own content that perhaps working for a
production company wouldn't.
Yes, it's all a racket game. So let's say
if you, let's say you want to, um, be
a porn star and you want to get an
award and you wanna have that much recognition that
people across the nation are gonna recognize you, right?
Um, ALL you need to do is hire a,
and I was, I was doing it, and then
I was like, man, I don't really want to
invest my time in this. You hire a manager
and you just, it's very formulaic, and then they
start promoting you. You enter all of the contests,
you show up to all the ABNs, you pay
in, and eventually you get your reward, having paid
in and done a lot of mark, you, you
pay a PR company basically. Um, SO that's one
way to do it. If you do it that
way, you will be taken advantage of in the
sense that they're just gonna give you your, your
shoot rate, which is however many, you know, thousands
of dollars that is. You're gonna work for them,
and then they're gonna take that video and they're
gonna go make a ton of money off that
video. But you, but if, but some people will
do that because they're like, yeah, but if I
go get famous over this. And people are, everybody
knows my name. I can still work my OnlyFans
with more people coming in or what have you,
um. Some people that don't, that they just wanna
go to OnlyFans and just make their own money,
you can market yourself in your own way, um,
that, that can be successful. OnlyFans was hugely, hugely
successful for the Instagram stars during COVID. All those
Instagram stars ran over to OnlyFans and brought all
of their followers and made just a ton of
money. Um, I hear the money's not as good,
but I mean, it's however much you want to
put into it as far as marketing goes, right?
Does that kind of give you a. Yeah,
yeah, I, I think so. I was actually also
going to ask you, do you think that if
uh a girl is interested in getting into sex
work, whether it, whether it is uh porn or
escorting or some other kind of sex work. Uh,
PARTICULARLY if it's porn because your image will be
out there, the videos will be out there. Do
you think that before taking that step, they should
consider the possible future consequences of them being exposed
on the internet like that, and, and apart from
that, what would you say are perhaps some of
the Uh, cons of doing pornography and sex work
that they should consider before take, uh, before making
such a decision.
Yes, and um. Yes, and just a real quick
note on OnlyFans, like I do like, I do
like that people are able, adults, grown adults are
able to go on there and do their thing.
There's married couples doing it just for fun, like
hobbyists. So, and, and I do like that they
take less money. So all power, you know, power
to, um, OnlyFans. Um, I just don't want to
see everybody and their dog jumping on it as
a means of, of, um, making a living because
it's just not going to happen. But, um. Um,
WHAT now, what was it?
Uh, BASICALLY, what, uh, considerations should people have before
getting into sex work or pornography, more specifically?
Do consider it, do consider it because it's, it's,
this is one of these things where, um, people,
porn stars that I know that have done really
well, um. HAVE said you're either in or you're
out. You're either all the way in or you're
out because why, why hover in it to some
degree and only make X amount when if you
totally exploit yourself when you're all in, then you're
gonna make way more, you know, way more money
to build up your portfolio, what have you. It
depends on, it depends on you. Um, I'll, I'll
just give you my, my thing. I wanted, I
was invited to do an HBO special, um, years
ago when I first went to the world-famous Bunny
Ranch. That's where I started. So I went over
there after the divorce and started working with that
crew, and they had a huge HBO special going
on that was bringing in tons of people. I
didn't want to exploit myself and get that much
fanfare and be known everywhere and be just, and
then be pigeoned into the sex industry. I still
had a, you know, I went and got a
master's degree. I went and did all sorts of
other things. I've came and gone. I've been a
teacher. I've done wealth management to prove that I
can get out in the real world and really
hustle and, and use my brain and make good
money that way too. Um. So I've been able
to do. To be, to go and be a
famous, notable porn star and sex actress around the
world with clients from around the world, yet stay
under the radar enough to go become a teacher
in the public school system. Think about how I
was able to do that. So it depends, because
what do you, what, what What you want later
on. Are you, is this just a temporary thing?
Are you like totally sold that this is what,
you know, just be ready. Because since I just
started getting more outwardly, I started marketing more outwardly
within maybe the last 5 years, and I finally
got recognized in the gym. OK, and it How,
how did you, what did you feel about that?
I'll tell you, I'll be honest, it really made
me uncomfortable at first. I was like, what? Somebody
walked up and he's like, Are you Olivia? And
I'm just like, Uh, um, but I didn't know,
I didn't know where to look. I, I like,
yes, I am. And he's like, 00, are you
taking clients? And I was flattered, but it was
really awkward. I got real red in the face.
I'm like, and then I'm like, oh, I have
no makeup on. I'm in my gym stuff, you
know, so it just threw me in this weird
headspace and then, and then we figured it out
and we laughed about it. But um, yeah, I,
you know, I didn't know that I was gonna
end up feeling all awkward and funny and embarrassed
and I did. So you, so Just being honest
about how I've felt over the years, um, can
maybe help whoever's watching this that, that would, that
is considering these questions, right?
Yeah, I mean, I guess that it also depends
on the woman, right, because I've heard porn stars
saying that they get the thrill of um imagining
that after they shoot a scene, for example, they
will be watched. By other people, particularly men, and
they like getting recognized on the street, and they
like fans approaching them and so on and so
forth. So I guess it depends a little bit
on their, uh, personality traits, and some of them
maybe are a little bit more on the exhibitionist
end of the spectrum, and so they like, uh,
um, they like that a little bit more,
right. Yeah. Whereas I, because I'm, I'm, I'll do
extroverted things, but I think I am truly am
an introvert, um, based on where I tend to
go because it's funny cause I, you know, OnlyFans
is so weird to me. I've always enjoyed, um,
discreet escorting where everything's just undercover, you know, we're
meeting, we're having our private time, nobody knows nothing.
And then all of a sudden I'm exploiting myself
on OnlyFans and it felt so weird and And
I just like, Oh my God. And I put
it out there and, oh God, I don't know
who's looking at this, but knock on wood, I
hope this goes well. And then, you know, a
month later, I'll meet, I'll get booked for this,
and this client will be very attractive, like, you
know, a fitness orientated client. And I'll be like,
My goodness, how did you know about me? And
he'll mention, oh, I saw, I like your OnlyFans.
And I'm like, Oh my gosh, oh my gosh,
she's watching, you know, and then I kind of
get a little bashful and giggly. Oh my gosh,
this guy's been watching me, you know, because you
don't know who's watching you. So it, it's, it's
kind of a giddy thing though. It's like, you
know, it does, it makes me laugh.
Yeah, um, but I mean, let, let me take
advantage of the fact that you mentioned, uh, exploiting
yourself, I guess that's the word you use there
on OnlyFans to get into some of the ideas
or the common assumptions and perhaps some misconceptions that
people have about uh. Born actresses and actors and
um sex work more generally. I mean, do, do
you think uh sex work is always necessarily exploitative
because that's one of the arguments I've heard from,
uh, sex negative feminists.
Hm. Well, I mean, we're choosing to do it.
I mean, we're choosing, and, and somebody, I mean,
you could say, I mean, I'm, I'm making the
joke, the joke, you know, I'm choosing to exploit
myself. Um, BUT, and then others would say maybe
that it's more like, to them, it's like artistic
expression. It's artistic sexual expression. Um, SO you could
argue either point. But I mean, uh, I mean,
exploit exploitative would be more like, I mean, I'm
cracking a joke. That would be like people doing
stuff against their will, you know, people think doing
things, not really, not because they're really there to
run their own business, um, and, and assert themselves
the sex. THE way they want to assert themselves,
they're being coerced or they're, you know, and there
is some of that in the industry too. Um,
WE don't like that. Nobody likes that. There's goods
and bads in every industry. So that's why a
lot of police officers, they They don't mind the
way Nevada's running their, running their sex industry uh
in the controlled fashion that they are, and um,
they don't really have problems with the brothels or
these legitimate establishments, and they don't have many problems
with legitimate escorts that go and buy licenses and
run their business on their own. Um, IT'S these,
it's always leads to a dude. It's these asshole
pimps, these bad human, um, traffickers, you know, guys
that wanna get a hold of people and take
advantage of, of the weak.
Yeah, that's the kind of idea I have about
sex work. I mean, the only thing that can
bother me is if people do not have a
choice when doing it, if they get into it
just because they are financially. DESTITUTE or because they
have a pimp or someone who takes advantage of
them, because otherwise I mean if they're doing that
out of their own free will, free choice, that's
perfectly fine with me. So what do you think
about that?
Yes, yeah, and I mean the girls that I,
uh, that some of my colleagues over the years
that I've been friends with for years, uh, you
know, they're, we've run everything just like a legit
business. We have S corps, we have accountants, we
have marketing folks, um, and we're all doing things
that is what is comfortable for us, so we're
all running different. We're presenting and marketing ourselves differently.
So like one of my girlfriends, she, she won't
do porn on, on film. She, she wants to
do more of a girlfriend experience. That's what she's
trying to relay when she does her beautiful pictures.
So she has some. You know, she's got maybe
in a thong or she's got, you know, some,
uh, some boobs going on, but she's not fully
naked in her, in her stuff or what have
you. That's her choice. That's what she's comfortable doing.
Whereas I went ahead and decided to jump on
in and do some hardcore stuff, which people were
like, oh my gosh, I can't believe. You do
that, Olivia. I didn't know that about you, because
before I was running more of the GFE just
being, you know, pictures like in something like this.
Um, AND that was a choice that I decided
to do. I decided to switch it up. But
these are all consensual decisions that grown adults are
making.
You, you know, it's very interesting. I don't know
what idea you have about people who are against
sex work. I mean, you've already debated Candace Owens
and I imagine you've had other conversations with people
who are against it, but I've had conversations on
the show with psychologists, for example, even political scientists.
I mean, believe it or not, we can also
uh and learn more about people's attitudes towards sexuality.
Through political science and I mean the thing is,
is that uh most people who are against sex
work, against pornography, um, and those, those kind of
things, the uh they have they tend to have
specific kinds of traits, so I mean politically they
tend to be more conservative, of course, and then
for example, they tend to prefer uh monogamic relationships
and so I mean they don't really. LIKE the
idea of people out there having access to sex
workers or having lots of casual sex because they
get that as a threat, particularly women, because then
they think that those women, the sex workers or
the porn stars, are actual competition and so they
might lose their husband or their partner or someone
like that, and then they also tend to. Below
on sociosexuality, that is, they tend to not really
like having sex with people who, with whom they
don't have some form of emotional connection and they
don't, they usually have a very low number of
uh lifetime sexual partners. They don't like to have
sex with lots of people, um, and they score
low on, or they score high, sorry, they score
high on. Uh, SEXUAL disgust, that is, they, they,
they don't really like to, um, they don't like
promiscuity, let's use that kind of term. So, I
mean, I mean, is that the kind of picture
you've seen from people you've had debates and discussed
with about sex work or not? What your, what
is your take on that?
Um, THERE'S a lot of people over the board
on a lot of things. So there's, um, there's
this really buffed up military guy that I see.
He's an alpha male. He's a, he's a client.
He likes to book me from time to time,
and we just have a ball. He doesn't, he
doesn't watch porn. He's like, he goes, all alpha
males know that watching porn kills your productivity. So
I I don't, I don't get down with porn,
but I'm going to book you once in a
while and have a good time in person. So
that's an example, interestingly enough, of an alpha male
that's saying, I'm not down for porn, but here
I am in the industry and I like to
book you. I want this in person situation. Um,
I've met a ton of women who have a
low sex drive. That, that is, that's why they
have a negative perception. Um, THEY think we're stupid.
Um, AND, and that's an interesting thing. I had
a, here's, here's one that's fascinating, uh, in terms
of like perceptions and misperceptions if you will. There
was a guy that was booking me. And in
town, he's booking me and he's a client. And
there's a girl in town who is married and
she's stuck in an unhappy marriage and she's conservative.
Well, she meets him and they start having an
affair and they're telling, I love, you know, just
I love you, and, and the guy that she's
married to isn't being very nice to her, and
she finds out about me and she was saying,
oh well, yeah, but she's girls in those industries,
you know, they're, she's just really dumb. She's dumb.
And what's, what's funny is because through the gossip,
the chains of gossip, what have you, it's come
full circle where, where this guy that I, that
I made a client, there's no, I'm not, he's
not going to hurt me. He's not going to
come play me. He's not gonna lie to me.
Um, HE was lying to her and broke her
heart, and she's stuck in this abusive relationship, but
I'm the dumb one. And, and it was just
kind of funny because the person who was talking
with her, who then confided in me, this is
all through the gym, by the way. He thought
it was interesting how her assumption. Being this married
lady in a more conservative situation, yeah, she's starting
to have an affair, an emotional affair, cause she's
not happy, but she's, her perception of me is,
well, she's dumb. She's dumb. That's why she's in
that industry where, meanwhile, I'm looking at her situation
like, You're dumb because, you know, like you're stuck
with this guy that's not treating you right. I'd
never allow that. This other cat who was, he's
a total player. I'd never let him just have
sex with me for free and tell him he
loves me because he's lying, you know, um, it's
totally up to, you know, the eye of the
beholder is very fascinating. I, I get a lot
of different, different stuff. And then I'll get really
supportive females. That, um, they're just just they're just
cool and supportive, just in general, and they'll just
do a shout out and hey, I just want
you to know, um, it's cool what you're doing,
you know, keep up, keep up the good work,
or, or, or they'll say something refreshing about, you
know, sex or something, so.
You know, uh, uh, uh, I, I also want
to give you a little bit more ammunition if
you ever have another debate with a conservative like
and the so and so or some other person
because there's actually many studies out there to debunk
many of the claims they make. So, for example,
there's that idea that uh porn stars, I mean,
the, the study I'm going to mention uh was
done specifically. With porn stars, not with other kinds
of sex workers, but uh there's that idea that
porn stars are damaged goods, particularly the girls, and
they did a study back, I think, in 2012
with 177 porn star, female porn stars, and they
compared them to a similar number of women from
the general population. And actually one very interesting thing
they found was that Uh, porn stars scored higher
in terms of sexual satisfaction, self-esteem, social support, and
even spirituality. So, I mean, there's a very interesting
data point.
It's very interesting, yeah. I've heard too, but I'm
not sure that, I mean this could be some
of it, but I, I meet a lot of
people from different backgrounds in the industry, so I'm
not drawing any conclusions, but, um, people that are
really super hypersexual, um, maybe have had um prior
trauma. It's like trauma can lead, um, they were
saying like military people can sometimes deal with a
lot of promiscuity, um, people in fight or flight
type situation jobs where they nearly lose their life
half the time and then they just kind of
like, it's all or nothing. So then they like
they want to keep having these experiences because these
sexual experiences like. It's like a, I mean, they've
correlated it to like a rush of cocaine, but
it's a natural, um, rush of, of, um, happy,
awesome feelings. So, um, people have argued that hypersexuality
can be linked to potentially, um, unresolved post-trauma. So
that might be, but that would be affecting everybody
all around. Um. But I know a lot of,
I know women in the industry that they'll laugh
and they'll say I was never molested. Um, MY
parents were in a really good relationship. I went
and I got a master's degree. I went and
became a scientist. I know a girl that went
into biology, but she was like, I like the
money that I'm making doing this, and I'm able
to maintain the type of lifestyle that I want
to be happy on the daily. Yeah, she wasn't
happy that much.
Yeah, and the other thing, look, there, there's actually
a very interesting book that got published early this
year called The Sexual Evolution by Nathan Lentz. Nathan
Lentz is an evolutionary biologist and at a certain
point in the book, he talks about uh transactional
sex, and there's actually also transactional sex. In other
animal species, so for example, uh, penguins, the males
might trade rocks for nest building for sex. Chimpanzees
might trade meat from small animals for sex, and
actually there's very interesting experiments where if you teach
chimpanzees. IS to use money. One of the first
things they use the money for is to have
sex with the female. So, you know, it's, it's,
it's not only a human thing, it's the only
thing is that we as humans tend to moralize
sex and other animals don't do that.
So yeah, yeah. Um, THAT is funny, um, for
sure, and I'm so big on, um, acts of
service. I just, I love acts of service, but
I'm good to you back. And you know, the,
the, the regulars, we call them regulars in the
industry. I have people that I've seen for years.
And there's no drama in our relationship. It's just,
it's very, I'm gonna take care of you, you're
gonna take care of me. What are we gonna
do today? OK, how do you, what do you
want me to dress like? Do you want me
to bring something real fun, you know, let's have
some fun and let's catch up. And we took
care of each other. Case closed, you know, no
problems, no dramas. So Yeah, to each their own.
Yeah, by, by the way, tell us a little
bit more about that. I, I'm interested, uh, what
kinds of relationships do you have with your clients?
Because I've read, for example, and I've interviewed actually
last year. Uh, A former general attorney from California,
Gerald Mosley, and he, he wrote a book because
he was interested in researching, uh, sex work and
he wrote a book titled Sex Workers and Their
Clients in Their Own Words, and some of the
statements he cites there, I mean, there are sex
workers who said that they actually have. Pretty good
and positive relationships with their clients and their fans.
I mean that they, for example, give them gifts,
they send them nice messages and they treat them
very well. Some of them just uh go uh
just go to them to talk. I mean, they
don't even have sex. So what kinds of relationships
do you develop with your clients?
Um, PRETTY meaningful ones, um. And, and they get
kind of sentimental cause I've been talking about retiring
and then They'll say, oh, you know, they'll want
to make sure we get together, or they'll say,
can I, can I still contact you even after
you make that announcement? Can I still from time
to time. So these folks are getting a hold
of me at the holidays, you know, Happy Thanksgiving.
How are you? Happy, you know, Merry Christmas. Are
you gonna have a good Christmas this year? So,
and so when you, when that happens, when it's
these holidays and we reach for the phone and,
oh, I've got to say, say something, I've got
to make sure I mention. We do that with
friends and family. So these folks consider me a
friend, because they're like friend and family because they're
getting a hold of me, or they'll remember my
birthday. And I'm like, I can't remember. I can't
believe they remembered my birthday. So, um, it's, it's
ongoing relationships with positive, healthy relationships with my clients.
And we're, we're friends, basically, and we support each
other. So Um, I've had like one, if one
was, gosh, I just got laid off. I'm having
an issue here. Hey, I know so and so
over, you know, in your town. Let me give
a call and try to, try to set you
guys up with, you know, give you a hook
up. I, I'll, I've helped people. Like I've gone
out of, you know, out of my way to
help people. Um, PEOPLE have stayed in touch with
me. We've, we've been friends. This, this, my last
client that came recently, he flew in from another
state and we, we spent a good 4 to
5 hours together and we talk a lot and,
and of course there's a lot of physical touch
and love, but he's a really awesome guy and
he brought me cause I'm getting into, I have
my concealed carry. So I like to shoot. I
like to practice with my gun. Um, AND he
brought, he brought me a really nice holster. He's,
uh, ex law enforcement, and so this holster was
so awesome. So, and to me that was romantic,
so funny. I don't want a handbag. I just
want a really nice holster and take me shooting
and teach me a new thing and, and I'll
be fine. But, um, no, we have, I feel
blessed. I, and I'm gonna be totally honest with
you. Um, I think God, when I did the
interview with Candace Owens, I was, I've always been
born and raised a Baptist Christian. And we, we
know now, we know now as governments are coming
out and they're starting to divulge that we do
have proof of alien life. So that, that kind
of throws an interesting spin onto just Perceptions and
what have you, but um, I have gotten more.
Um, I would say more spiritual, more religious, even
if you will, since due to just the election
and what I've been seeing happening, culturally, some of
the stuff that I've been seeing, um, I've been
praying, I pray. So, I pray, um, every day,
and one of the things that I often pray,
and when I'm counting my, my gratitudes is I
thank God for my clients. I always tell him,
thank you so much. You always bring me the
right people, the right people. Everybody cause we screen,
I mean, I'm just, I'm, I'm having to reject
a lot of people, but he, when it's a
go and it and it works, he always brings
me the right people, the quality people, normal people
that will be your friend for, for years to
come. I got that.
Yeah, no, that's really awesome, and I guess that,
er, I mean I, I'm not religious to be
honest, but I guess that Jesus, at least him,
was not against sex workers, right?
Yeah, I guess, yeah, according to the Bible, um,
Candace Owens has a different take, but I tried
to point that out. I was like, look at
how many hookers are in the Bible, Candace. What
did they call them? They were, uh, concubines, concubines.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
you know, and, and, you know, and there are
other things that people say, for example, people, uh,
the, the ones that are more right wing conservatives,
of course, tend to accuse. Uh, PORNOGRAPHY and porn
stars of promoting promiscuity, I mean, which is an
interesting take because if, if it was like that,
then, uh, I mean, pornography is doing a, a
really bad job of promoting promiscuity because just recently
I interviewed, uh, Justin Le Miller. He's a sexologist
and a psychologist and He, we, we talked about,
um, the most common sexual fantasies that people have,
but toward the end of our conversation, we also
talked about the most common number of uh lifetime
partners that people have, and most people, the vast
majority of people have 56789 partners their, their whole
life. And I mean if you look at data
from Gen Z, uh, actually people are having, uh,
less sex and they're starting their sex lives later.
Uh, THERE are many 20-something year olds who are
still virgins and lots of data, uh, uh. Pointing
to the fact that there are many people that
over the last year haven't done, haven't had sex
at all, so I mean, I don't understand where
they uh pick that idea that we are living
in a promiscuous society. I don't know where they
get that from.
Yeah, I agree. Um, I'm, I don't like the
way things are going with the porn world. And,
and what's happening is like things like the younger
generations are just doing weirder, weirder stuff, like kink
stuff, like, uh, throwing up on camera, and people
like that and want to pay for that. That
what is so hot? What is good about that?
That's gross. Just weird things are just going down
weird rabbit holes for the shock value of it.
Like, I remember when, um, anal was huge. Anal
was like, oh, that's the most hardcore thing you
can do in the industry is anal, and that's
not the case anymore. Now it's, how many dicks
can you stick in, in, you know, in, in
your butt at one time. So some of this,
some of that stuff. It's for the shock value,
but I don't think it's healthy to be watching
that the majority of the time. I, you know
what a lot of guys want from me, and
I try to film it if I can, kissing,
kissing and making out. Making out, old fashioned making
out. And when I started watching porn, when back
in the day when you could just maybe if
you could get it on a channel and it's
kind of fuzzy. Porn first started coming out, it
was kind of fuzzy. I'm like trying to get
the HBO. It's a little pixelated. It was really
nice soft porn, where it was this beautiful soft
woman. And, you know, and it's like her skin
and everything. And then he's caressing her, and there
was way more foreplay. They're making out, they're kissing,
and then it's going on, and it's just a
calmer. A more wholesome sexual take on sex, right?
And now nowadays it's crazy town. Well, I'm concerned
with Crazy town. I'm concerned with what impact is
Crazy town having on people, and people aren't going
out and having sex. People aren't going out and
meeting. They're online. Not a good idea.
So look, I wanted to ask you because, interestingly,
there are feminists who are for sex work. I
mean for sex work. What I mean by that
is that they support sex workers and then there
are feminists who are, you, I mean, we tend
to call them sex negative feminists who are just
straight out against sex work, they are against pornography,
against escorting and all of that. I mean, do
you identify as a feminist, and I mean, and
whether or not you identify as one, what would
you like feminists to know about sex work?
Well, um, sex is really fun. If, if you
want to determine what gets you off. So you
could think of it, um, as, I know a
lot of feminists think, yes, but this is for
the man, for the No. What about you? Have
you ever had an orgasm, my lovely lady? It
actually feels pretty good. If you figure out how
to give yourself one, and then if you figure
out how to instruct a male on how to
give you one, it can be a really fun
experience. So, um, to each their own, if you
don't like sex and the whole sexual imagery just
bothers you. That's fine, but you've got to realize
that that is your issue, not everybody else's, because
we are by nature, sexual beings. Yeah, right, for
sure. Like you said across the board, you're noticing
in animals. Animals are, are even behaving and, you
know, give and take for, for sexual stuff, right?
We, we like sex. Sex is fun for, for
most of us, um, for, for the ones that
have a negative association. To it. My, I ask
you this, go figure that out. Go, go get
a therapist and figure out why you have a
negative association to it. I, um, I did work
with a gal who does clinical sex therapy, and
we did, um, we did an Instagram reel together.
I was trying to help promote her work. She's
really fantastic. She grew up in a kind of,
um, Upbringing where her religious beliefs, they were really
making the religious beliefs were projecting. Unnaturally negative, uh,
stereotypes about sex, misinformation about sex. A lot of
people have reached out to me who've been in
some wild religious, uh, upbringings have said that. So
then they have this warped sense of, of, of
what, what is, if sex is good, they think
it's awful. They have all, you know, and, um,
they want to throw up, you know, the opportunity
arises, they want to throw up, and that's their
reaction versus, you know, so she wanted to go,
what's, she wanted to go figure out what's going
on in my head. To where I'm not, I
don't even like sex, and it was her upbringing.
She became a sex therapist, and she is so
dang amazing, she can actually have an orgasm without
even being touched just through breathing techniques. That's how
anatomically amazing we are as humans in the sexual
realm. You don't even have to go out and
have sex with a partner. Of course, it's even
so much better, and it's, you know, emotionally satisfying.
But to, but like the ultimate, um, sexual health
is being able to breathe yourself into an orgasm,
and that's what she can do now, from all
the headwork that she's done to to to finding
out why did I not ever like it in
the first place, and a lot of it's upbringing.
No, it's very interesting that you mention religiosity because
actually there's work by people like Nicole Brosi, she's
a neuroscientist and a psychologist. I've had her twice
on the show and we talked about the idea
of porn addiction and actually what she found through
her work is that. Um, PEOPLE who identify as
porn addicts, they don't really have an addiction. What
they have is that they are usually highly religious
people who morally condemn porn, and so what happens
when they watch porn is that they feel a
sort of moral incongruence. They feel bad about themselves.
Themselves they condemn themselves morally and pornography morally and
so they have psychological issues by for watching pornography,
but, but it's only because they condemn it morally.
It's not because the porn itself is harming them,
you know. OK, gotcha. Yeah, so, uh, I mean,
and do, do you think that uh sex work,
because I actually heard this kind of argument from
some sex workers who are also feminists themselves, and
they say that uh. Contrary to what many people
say when they say that for example sex work
can be or is degrading to women, they say
that it is empowering. I mean, do you feel
that? Do you think that sex work can be
empowering?
Yeah, absolutely. I, I have felt very, very empowered
by it, and um. Just to kind of backtrack
like. I've met some sex addicts or porn porn
addicts that um. Autism might have been a factor
of why they're having, I mean they're having some
functional issues in, in general, so then they're going
to porn and then, you know, um. I haven't
met, uh, uh, well, I can see though, the
relation, the inverse relationship between like uber religious people,
um, have been on a cycle, if you will,
of like watching the porn and then feeling really
guilty, feeling bad and going back and doing it
again. Um, SO any of those things, if it
affects you negatively, you know, it's, it's not a
good thing. Um. I just, you know, it's just
funny when, when feminists talk. I, I, I know
so many women that are in really bad, unhealthy
relationships, really bad, unhealthy relationships, but they would look
at a girl in the, uh, sex industry and
say, oh, that poor girl. Where I know girls
in the sex industry that are on their 3
house that have a portfolio, that are doing things
on their own, on their own terms. They go
to the gym, they're, you know, they're kicking butt.
Um, THEY'RE way better off where they're at versus
where they were if they had been back in
that abusive marriage that they had come from, so.
You know, every single, every single human experience is,
is to their own and, and, and unique, and
I just listen to, to everybody and um try
not to be too judgmental and, and not to
typecast on one, any one particular issue. There are
some behavioral trends.
Yeah, I mean that's one of the things that
even though I, I mean I've learned about the
psychology as I, as I told you before, the
kinds of psychological traits that people who are against
sex work tend to have, so I understand that
they have those traits, but at the same time,
I mean, it always feels really hard for me
to understand how particularly adult uh adults. Don't or
have such a hard time learning that there are
people who have different lifestyles, who have different interests,
and they are not necessarily bad people or immoral
people or there's not necessarily something wrong with them
psychologically just because. They, for example, like to have
sex with different people and they, I mean, have
values different from your own values. I mean, that
just by itself is not something bad, right? But
I, sometimes it's really hard for people to learn
that, I guess.
Yes, definitely, um. I just, I want people to
be safe and I want them to be happy
and, and I just, I know a lot of
people that are faking, um. Faking their happiness so
they can look all prim and proper and they
don't, and they, and they avoid any human judgment,
um, whereas if they wanted to just do, throw
caution to the wind and do whatever the hell
they wanted to do, whatever felt right for them,
um, they want to avoid that, that kind of,
um, public. I guess, uh, fear of just public
rejection, if you will, um. I say do what
you do what makes you happy, do what makes
you happy. So whatever that that is, um. Life
is just so interesting in, in this world with,
with sex and relationships, and um I just, I
strongly encourage people to meet people in person. And
and have like discussions and stuff like what we're
doing. Um,
YEAH, of course, I mean, that's one of the
things I really learned by reading, as I mentioned
before, Gerald Mosley's book, Sex Works and the sex
workers and their clients in their own words. I
mean, just go out and ask people what they
think. Think about what they do, right? Don't make
assumptions because many of these accusations that come from
people who are against sex work is just them
making assumptions about um how life is for a
sex worker,
right, right. Yeah, I, I, you'd be, you'd be
shocked. Some people would be shocked to, um, even
understand what we've, some folks have experienced in the
industry. Uh, THERE'S, I was. Just to give you
an example, you know, and this kind of goes
like to all the women or the haters out
there that just think we're stupid and whatever, I
was paid $70,000 to go to Lake Tahoe for
two days with a very nice gentleman. $70,000. It
made my year. That was just one. Agreement that
I was made and and how was I treated?
Like a queen. I would, you know, we stayed
at the Ritz. I got to go to, I
had five-star meals. I was allowed to go. He
said, Hey, do you want to go, uh, shopping?
I want to take, I'm not even a shopper.
I'm not a shopper. I told you. I was
saying, I, bring me a good holster and take
me shooting, shooting. I'm a tomboy. And the guy's
like, I like shopping. And he goes, I want
to dress you up. Let's go. You know. So
there's times when I'm thinking, I'm on cloud nine.
I can't even believe I'm getting paid like this.
I'm being treated like a princess. Um, BUT not
every man brings that notion. It, it, it's Everybody's
different on how they regard, um, like men regard
women, right? So some men that approach me are
not all nice. Some want to abuse me. You
get that all fleshed out from the very get-go.
You, you know, you have your, if you have
your system tightened in place on how to vet
people and make sure that you do get good
company, you're not going to have a. OF crap
come through your door. You're not going to have
to deal with somebody like that. They're going to
show their cards well in advance, and they're not
gonna want to, if you're saying, I need to
know where you work. I need your ID, and
I'm gonna have you put half down in a
deposit, like that person's going to be serious and,
you know, if you do get somebody who's not
as pleasant, call up their employer. Take care of
the situation. I had a man fired. I had
a woman fired once for harassing me, pretending that
she was a client. She had some, naturally she
works in mental health. This would surprise not one
sex worker. A woman that works in mental health
for a living is harassing a prostitute that she
has a crush on or whatever the deal was.
You know, I found out where she worked and
I got her fired. So, again, that goes back
to what is the woman who's walking into the
sex industry made out of? Because if you walk
in and you're really weak, and you're used to
letting people beat you up and abuse you anyhow,
that's probably going to happen to you until you
put your foot down. But that's going to happen
to you anywhere. OK? So, um, I just, I
think The women in this industry that are really
successful, they've been around the block, they've experienced life,
and um, They've got their head on straight to
be able to be successful and keep going. And
some are just flat out just crazy, just having
crazy, just having wild sex. I've I've heard wild
stories about, um, the ones that I hear are
really wild are some of the porn stars that
are just crazy off the chain, and they are
just going from one guy to the next doing
all these wild, you know, having wild, wild situations.
Um. But I would say that there's a lot
of wild people off the chain in in in
the industry, right, that are doing crazy things.
I mean, I guess more power to them as
far as long as they're safe, right? Yes. So
let me just ask you one more question because
I was just looking at the time, I don't
want to take much more of your time. So,
uh, what would you say then, uh, is the
role that sex plays in your life?
Uh, IT, it makes me feel, it's interesting, it
makes me feel like valid. I know that. It's,
it makes me feel validated. Um, BUT, you know,
we're getting men coming after us 24/7, always throwing
themselves at us. So, um, but oddly enough, if
I go, you know, a week without having a
date or something, I start feeling like, uh, you
know, I want, even though people have been giving
me attention, I know I'm sexy. I want to
go have a date. I wanna go have an
interaction, a positive, fun, sexy interaction with a guy,
um, and get the juices flowing. So it's, it's
a need for me too. It validates me. It
makes me feel good. It makes me work out.
It makes me like motivated to go work out
and invest the amount of time that I do
into my body, um, and to, to try to
be healthy. I think our sex drives, they drive,
they, they drive us. They're drivers. They, you know,
they're, they're driving us to want to go to
the gym. They're driving us to want to make
X amount of money. I think sex drive is
huge. So, um, use it or lose it, and,
you know, I think you'll have more fun if
you, if you, if you use it.
Yeah, for sure. So, look, thank you so much
for doing this, but just before we go, where
can people find you on the
internet? Um, I am on X, so it is
Olivia Bentley OB, and that's, that's from the Bunny
Ranch, but Olivia Bentley OB, and you can find
me on X, and then there you can find
links to my OnlyFans, or you can look me
up, Olivia Bentley on OnlyFans, and I have a
website. Um, PEOPLE will communicate and arrange to meet
me through there Olivia-Bentley.com. Somebody stole olivia Bentley.com and
tried to get me to buy it. I just
decided to do for a lot of money and
I was like, Thanks a lot, jerk. So it's
Olivia-Bentley.com. OK. Yeah,
sure. I will be leaving at least the links
to the X account and your website in the
description. And look, Olivia, thank you so much for
doing this. As I said, it's been very fun
to talk with you.
You too. You are fantastic. It was so good
to finally meet you. So have me back anytime.
This was good.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Muller, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegeru Inasi Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoras and
Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labrarinth, John Yardston, and Samuel
Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezaraujo Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka, Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov, Zal
Adrian Yei Poltonin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall,
Eddin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolatti, Gabriel P Scortez
or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony Smith,
and Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno,
Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophannus, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David
Williams, Di Acosta, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw,
Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee
Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert
Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark
Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson,
Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael
Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van
Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi,
Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov,
Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special
thanks to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank Lucas
Stink, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas
Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlo Montenegro, Al
Nick Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my executive
producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie.
Thank you for all.